before I get to the review of this DVD I
just want to mention that I have 7 Alice
in Wonderland related videos on my
youtube channel and no one's watching
him I could use some more views on those
I picked this up this morning it just
came out to this special edition Allison
we're laying an anniversary edition
which i think is a stupid name there I
know I know I have the masterpiece
Edition here and also have the gold
collection edition Gold Collection has
practically nothing in terms of special
features a bunch of sing along songs
trailers and couple games stuff these
two are almost identical like 98%
identical besides a bit from some
trailers at the beginning you know
there's like previews and stuff like
that commercials menus look the same
this too is the same it's just this one
of this and this one of this is
different
this one has new their horse their new
never never be I can't say but you can
read it right there Eddy
because this one had to sing along songs
which basically you just watched a movie
turn on the subtitles and it'll be the
exact same thing this one took out those
sing along songs and replaced it with a
13 minute documentary which actually
isn't that bad and a 3 minute deleted
scene which is basically just two guys
narrating a storyboard a bunch of
drawings and stuff like that
the pig and pepper scene I want to
compare something here
okay take this out look at this how
plain is that compare it this one now
this one came out first see that I think
they want to release this and they were
really rushed about it because of that
Tim Burton and Johnny Depp movie they
just want to release Alison really on
DVD there's this book has nothing prizes
stuff like that oh yeah there's a
preview of this in this DVD and for one
for Rapunzel too so if you haven't seen
the Rapunzel teaser we got some nothing
by the way no scenes from the movie or
anything it's just them talking and a
big castle crappy stuff compared to this
one that had a book of scene selections
all the special features listed out list
of scene selections it's the same thing
just different packaging
I like this packaging a little more
because it's alex is just cute on it but
this one has more characters this looks
better on display than this one
I wish they'd make a movie poster of
this this looks really nice yeah pretty
much the movie the same the picture
quality is the same meg news scene
selection the difference is they took
out two things from this one and added
two things in this one so you can only
buy this on eBay or whatever now this is
what they'll see in storage for a while
before they put in the vault or whatever
you know so yeah same movie here I'll
show you something okay these are the
menus for the two movies hopefully you
can see it this is the old one this is
the first one has the unbirthday song
sing-along golden afternoon sing-along
and all these things they took that
these two here's a second one okay this
is the same menu because all the menus
are exactly the same they just this is
these changes part yeah this documentary
and this deleted scene I don't know why
they wouldn't put this delese scene with
all the other deleted scenes that's in
the second disc but I don't care and
this is the same see adventures in
wonderland adventures in where Elaine
virtual Winterland party works
warner-lambert everything's linked I'm
on dirty mirror I'm on to the mirror so
yeah these two they're to this one for
sure but if you have one or the other it
doesn't really matter I prefer this one
because I take out the stupid sing along
songs from this one but I like this
packaging a lot better and the CDs a
little booklet here this one that had
practically nothing
so yeah there you go people hope you
enjoy this video I'll talk to you later
all right